README.md, before:

# Maxwell's Demon

An outreach project I am working on for the Natalia Ares Group in the University of Oxford. This is my first time playing with javascript, hopefully the game won't be too buggy :wink:.

## Quickstart Guide

- Use the  `space bar` on your keyboard to open and close the central trapdoor
- Try to collect all the (hot) fast moving red  particles on one side of the box and the (cold) slow moving blue particles on the other side of the box.
- Can you create order from disorder?

## FAQs

- *The `space bar` on my keyboard does not work. Can I still play the game?*

  Yes you can! You can use the `X` or the `O` key to open and close the trapdoor.

## Acknowledgements 

I got my feet wet by following [Chris DeLeon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoWqdEACyLI) and [Chris Courses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EO6OkltgudE&list=PLpPnRKq7eNW3We9VdCfx9fprhqXHwTPXL) HTML5 Canvas animation tutorials on youtube. In fact, the majority of the foundational education and code for this project (balls on a canvas with basic collision detection)  was from [Chris Courses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EO6OkltgudE&list=PLpPnRKq7eNW3We9VdCfx9fprhqXHwTPXL) and [Spicy Yoghurt](https://spicyyoghurt.com/tutorials/html5-javascript-game-development/collision-detection-physics). Many thanks to [Ben Greenberg](https://github.com/nebbles/) with the tip on collision detection - he has some really cool javascript work [here](https://github.com/nebbles/js-sandbox). I really liked the way [Ben Greenberg](https://github.com/nebbles/) designed the info box for each programme so I adapted his CSS script to fit the game webpage.

Commit message:

added click here to start playing to read.me

README.md, after:

# Maxwell's Demon

An outreach project I am working on for the Natalia Ares Group in the University of Oxford. This is my first time playing with javascript, hopefully the game won't be too buggy :wink:.

## Quickstart Guide

- Use the  `space bar` on your keyboard to open and close the central trapdoor
- Try to collect all the (hot) fast moving red  particles on one side of the box and the (cold) slow moving blue particles on the other side of the box.
- Can you create order from disorder? Click [here](https://brandonseverin.github.io/maxwellsdemon/) to start playing.

## FAQs

- *The `space bar` on my keyboard does not work. Can I still play the game?*

  Yes you can! You can use the `X` or the `O` key to open and close the trapdoor.

## Acknowledgements 

I got my feet wet by following [Chris DeLeon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoWqdEACyLI) and [Chris Courses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EO6OkltgudE&list=PLpPnRKq7eNW3We9VdCfx9fprhqXHwTPXL) HTML5 Canvas animation tutorials on youtube. In fact, the majority of the foundational education and code for this project (balls on a canvas with basic collision detection)  was from [Chris Courses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EO6OkltgudE&list=PLpPnRKq7eNW3We9VdCfx9fprhqXHwTPXL) and [Spicy Yoghurt](https://spicyyoghurt.com/tutorials/html5-javascript-game-development/collision-detection-physics). Many thanks to [Ben Greenberg](https://github.com/nebbles/) with the tip on collision detection - he has some really cool javascript work [here](https://github.com/nebbles/js-sandbox). I really liked the way [Ben Greenberg](https://github.com/nebbles/) designed the info box for each programme so I adapted his CSS script to fit the game webpage.
